Dad?
What are you doing?
Is there a dragon?
Dad wants to give you some air
You are awake
You're finally awake.
Just wake up
Just wake up dad
Did Fang Gao make it difficult for you?
Did you teach his dad well?
Linger, don't worry.
Your dad is very cooperative with us
He also took the initiative to apply for an adjustment of his internal strength
Cooperate with us in awe
Arrest Lin Shengqiao and many, many bad guys
Great.
You really didn't let me down
Reassure you.
Dad will fully cooperate
Try to come out early to take care of you
But you must listen to the doctor
Get well
There we go.
You can talk now.
This gentleman is not just the leader of the mercenaries
The Tang Dynasty base also secretly developed drugs
It's an infinite addiction
And scattered the medicines of the family
This gentleman's trip
It's not just for boys
But the whole yellow
He wants to use Lin Shengqiang's network of contacts
Spread these drugs rapidly
Let people become addicted
Thus arousing the drums of war, he dares